config: fix leader failing to start when uuids are set (#9573)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh_9572_config_with_uuids.md

## bugfix/config

* Fixed a leader failing to start with error `attempt to index a nil value`,

>   when a config with all UUIDs set is used during cluster bootstrap.

Reviewer: Nit: Please, add an issue number.

> * Fixed a leader failing to start with error `attempt to index a nil value`,
>   when a config with all UUIDs set is used during cluster bootstrap (gh-9572).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue when a leader fails to start with the `attempt to index a nil value` error
  if a config with all UUIDs set is used during a cluster's bootstrap (gh-9572).
```
